Minor fixes to BERT README (#154)
mosaicml/examples: examples/bert/README.md

### Test fine-tuning

> To verify that fine-tuning runs correctly, run each of the fine-tuning scripts twice using our testing configs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that fine-tuning runs correctly, run the fine-tuning script using our testing configs and both the HuggingFace and Mosaic BERT models.
```

mcli run -f yamls/main/mcloud_run_a100_40gb.yaml
```

Similarly, for sequence classification fine-tuning, just fill in the missing YAML fields (e.g., to use the pre-training checkpoint as the starting point) and run:

```bash
mcli run -f yamls/finetuning/mcloud_run.yaml
```

> The same applies, for GLUE fine-tuning. Fill in the missing YAML fields and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same applies for GLUE fine-tuning. Fill in the missing YAML fields and run:
```
